Minor style formatting and style fixes (#50)
interledger/interledger.org-developers: src/content/blog/2024-04-10-the-telemetry-tale.md

This meant that when we encountered issues it was not clear whether the problem lay in a breakdown in communication between Prometheus and Grafana or whether it was between the Otel SDK and Prometheus. To diagnose problems we had to redirect the Otel collector's Prometheus write URL to a [BusyBox](https://busybox.net/) setup where we could perform a tcpdump to capture and inspect packets and verify if data was indeed being sent.

We ran into a roadblock when we realized that AWS-managed Grafana does not allow for public dashboards. To resolve this we had to actually abandon AWS-managed Grafana and move over to Grafana Cloud. They offered a workaround by editing the configuration to enable public dashboard access upon request--a process they handled with commendable responsiveness. Unfortunately, it still fell short by imposing limitations on embedding these dashboards on our own site.

> Despite Grafana Cloud’s responsive support team, we also encountered issues adding the AWS-Managed Prometheus as a data source. Our [sigv4 authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html) failed with a 403 Forbidden response, despite having the appropriate IAM permissions. The issue resolved spontaneously without clear intervention, implying an external factor (potentially AWS-side changes or maintenance) was at play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite Grafana Cloud’s responsive support team, we also encountered issues adding the AWS-Managed Prometheus as a data source. Our [sigv4 authentication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_aws-signing.html) failed with a 403 Forbidden response, despite having the appropriate IAM permissions. The issue resolved spontaneously without clear intervention, implying an external factor (potentially AWS-side changes or maintenance) was at play.
```

The link you included is part of the S3 docs which is not what we're using at this point of the discussion. So I found a link from the AWS docs on integrating with Grafana which points to an explanation in their Identity and Access Management, which I think is more appropriate.
